Device: Don't remove an existing target directory when unmounting a `disk` device if the original dir hasn't been created by LXD (#12700)
canonical/lxd: doc/api-extensions.md

This API extension provides the ability to use flags `--profile`, `--no-profile`, `--device`, and `--config`
when moving an instance between projects and/or storage pools.

## `existing_target_dir_mounted_by_disk_device`

> This API extension provides the ability to check if a target directory was created within the instance filesystem at mount time. If a host directory is mounted to an existing container directory (e.g., `/opt`), the target directory won't be removed upon unmounting. However, if LXD creates a new target directory during the mount, like `/new_dir`, it will be deleted when the device is unmounted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API extension provides the ability to check if a target directory was created within the instance file system at mount time. If a host directory is mounted to an existing container directory (e.g., `/opt`), the target directory won't be removed upon unmounting. However, if LXD creates a target directory during the mount, like `/new_dir`, it will be deleted when the device is unmounted.
```

## `instances_uefi_vars`

This API extension indicates that the `/1.0/instances/{name}/uefi-vars` endpoint is supported on the server. This endpoint allows to get the full list of UEFI variables (HTTP method GET) or replace the entire set of UEFI variables (HTTP method PUT).

> ## `existing_target_dir_mounted_by_disk_device`

Reviewer 2: commit message and docs mismatch

Author: fixed
